# AOVPN Baseline Scripts
These scripts are designed to the used with the free AOVPN Baseline Configuration guide which can be downloaded from [here](https://www.poweronplatforms.com/free-release-aovpn-baseline/)

# Disclaimer
These scripts are provided by PowerON "as is" and "with all faults." PowerON makes no representations or warranties of any kind concerning the safety, suitability, lack of viruses, inaccuracies, typographical errors, or other harmful components of these scripts or related materials. There are inherent dangers in the use of any software, and you are solely responsible for determining whether these scripts are compatible with your equipment and other software installed on your equipment. You are also solely responsible for the protection of your equipment and backup of your data, and PowerON will not be liable for any damages you may suffer in connection with using, modifying, or distributing these scripts. 

## Set-AOVPNServerSecure.ps1
Configures the server to encrypt the IKEv2 tunnel with AES128 encryption rather than the default 3DES.

## New-AOVPNDeviceProfile.ps1
Creates a basic Device Profile which can be deployed to client devices to enable access prior to user logon.

## New-AOVPNUserProfile.ps1
Creates a basic User Profile which enables full access to the internal environment after a user has logged on.

## New-AOVPNConnection.ps1
This script takes a location of the XML file generated by New-AOVPNUserProfile.ps1 and creates the profile on the local computer.  This script can be run under the SYSTEM context to add the profile for all users

This script was originally based on a script from Richard Hicks and is used under an MIT License.  There have been some modifications to this version and Richard Hicks has since modified his version.  The latest version from Richard Hicks can be found at https://github.com/richardhicks/aovpn/blob/master/New-AovpnConnection.ps1 however the linked version has not been tested with the AOVPN Baseline Configuration Guide.  

## New-AOVPNDeviceConnection.ps1
This script takes a location of the XML file generated by New-AOVPNDeviceProfile.ps1 and will create the assocaited device profile on the local device.  This script must be run as the SYSTEM account.  To easily do this use [psexec.exe](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/downloads/psexec)